# Final-Project
This website talks about the universe of Game of Thrones, both the books and show. I wanted the different webpages to be consistant in terms of their navigation, header, and main image size. I used an unordered list to display the links and used "&nbsp; | &nbsp;" to sepeate them then displayed then inline and removed list style type. I used images of size 2000x1000 for the main images and then made them 1000x750. The home page has a brief description of the show and a table of the shows popularity over the seasons. The home page also has some external links to a YouTube search for parody Game of Thrones videos and the IMDB ratings for TV shows(with Game of Thrones being at the top as of this moment).  I used http://www.tablesgenerator.com/html_tables to create the table to speed up the process. The second page talks about the books and the author. The image at the bottom is an image map and by click each book takes you to a wiki page of that book. I used http://imagemap-generator.dariodomi.de/ to create the image map to speed up the process. I also used some <span> to color the Ice, Fire, Good and Evil to add a bit of style. The third page is a little bit about the show from its official Wikipedia page and it links to that section in the first few words. At the bottom of the page are images of some of the main cast each linking to a wiki page of that character. I set the images to be displayed inline and set a 440px margin on the first image to center them all. The last page is an overview of the world of Westeros and talks about its main regions, climate and inhabitants. At the very bottom of each page is a button that opens up an email client. I create a variable with my email and a subject variable called "Game of Thrones Questions" and used document.write start a mailto link titled the button: Contact the website author.